DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We just might have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[energy crackling]
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Blazer!
[explosion]
DAN: What's up guys?!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: A Hero Returns
DAN: You ready to rock?
SHUN: Dan, wait!
MARUCHO: Hold up!
[heavy ground impact]
DAN: [grunt]
DAN: Ohhhh! Those look like Mag Mel's Bakugan.
DAN: Hmmmph... It doesn't matter.
DAN: Marucho! Shun!
We've got this covered, don't worry!
MARUCHO: Hmmmph.
SHUN: [frustrated grunt]
DAN: Okay! Let's show these creeps how we do things!
DAN: Ready Drago?
DRAGO: You bet! Let's do this!
DAN: Just like we practiced...okay?!
DRAGO: Got it!
DAN: Whooooa!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
SPECTRA: Well that's very impressive.
HELIOS: It looks like Drago has evolved even more.
DAN: Oh yeah! Nice work, pal!
MARUCHO: [sigh]
[laser blasts]
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Revolutional!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
DAN: Get 'em!
[explosions]
DAN: Awesome! The training's working!
PAIGE: That's un-real!
RAFE: That's a scary amount of power they have!
BEN: Looks like that punk Kuso is back.
SHUN: It's like... they've changed.
MARUCHO: What happened?
[multiple roars]
DAN: Hah! They want some more.
Drago! Let's finish this. Call Zenthon!
DRAGO: Already? Are you sure?
DAN: You bet. Now is the perfect time, buddy.
We can show the other's that we've finally got
control of your powers.
DRAGO: Good plan. I'm on it!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[lightning crackles]
MAG MEL: [evil laughter] That's it, Drago!
Call on Zenthon and give me your power!
DAN: Hmmmph!
[lightning crackles]
MARUCHO: Whoa! This is bad!
NOAH: [gasp]
ZENTHON: We three are one! Together we will prevail!
DAN: Just like before! We can do this, Zenthon!
MARUCHO: The Mechtogan, he's talking to it
like he's able to control it.
DAN: Okay! Take them down, now!
SHUN: Oh whoa...
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Thor Buster!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: Haaaaaah!
RAFE: Incredible!
PAIGE: They're going to take out every last Chaos Bakugan.
SHUN: And maybe us too.
DAN: Are you guys paying attention?
DAN: Watch how Drago and Zenthon work together.
MAG MEL: That's it...keep going...
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
MAG MEL: Your powers are feeding me...
and I am almost whole!
DAN: Huh?!
MAG MEL: Haaaaaah!
MAG MEL: What's happening?!
DAN: [gasping]
DRAGO: Dan! What's wrong?!
ZENTHON: I am here to serve...and do the bidding
...of...my masters... [groan]
ZENTHON: [rising mighty roar]
[explosions]
TAYLEAN: Watch out everyone!
SHUN: He's gone crazy!
TRISTAR: I thought Dan had control of him!
HELIOS: Apparently not.
DRAGO: Zenthon! What are you doing?!
Whoa!
DAN: [groan]
MAG MEL: [grunt, exertion reax]
BEN: Oh snap!
ROBIN, JACK and NOAH: [gasp]
[explosion blast]
DAN: Noah!
DAN: Aaaaarrrggghhh!
RAFE: [frustrated grunt]
NOAH: [gasp]
SHUN: If you guys were smart, you'd run.
BEN: Arggg, you heard him. Let's go.
DAN: [groan] Stop it Zenthon!
MAG MEL: The end is finally near...
Don't you dare stop, Kuso!
Keep feeding me your power until I am freeeeeeee!
DAN: Huh?!
SHUN: Watch out!
WOLFURIO: [grunt, pain reax]
RAFE: Wolfurio!
TRISTAR: Whooooaaaa! [grunt, pain relax]
BOULDERON: [grunt, pain reax]
MARUCHO: Oh no! Tristar!
PAIGE: Boulderon!
HELIOS: [grunt, pain reax] SPECTRA: Helios!
TAYLEAN: Aaaaaarrrrrggggghhhh!
SHUN: [grunt]
SELLON: That was an interesting turn of events.
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph...you really think so?
ANUBIAS: You haven't seen anything yet.
DAN: This wasn't supposed to happen.
DAN: Get him, Drago!
DRAGO: I'm on it!
MARUCHO: Drago can't take on all six of them...
Especially since they have all got BakuNanos!
DRAGO: Whoa!... [grunt, exertion reax]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax] Aaaaaarrrrrgggghhhhh!
DRAGO: Ooooomph!
[explosion]
DAN: Drago! Get up, buddy!
PAIGE: Is that guy completely out of his mind?!
Drago's gonna get clobbered!
DRAGO: [groan, exertion reax]
DRAGO: Aaaaarrrrrrggggghhhh!
DAN: [gasp]
DRAGO: Aaaaarrrrrgggggghhhh!
DAN: Drago?! [grunt]
Dude! What the heck was that?
Did you forget everything we learned in training?
DAN: If we don't turn this around...
We're gonna look like chumps in front of everyone!
DAN: Bakugan... Huh?!
DAN: Marucho! What do you think you're doing?!
I told you Drago and I can handle this
so let go of my arm, dude.
C'mon...let...go!
MARUCHO: [grunt, exertion reax] But, Dan...!
MARUCHO: We have to go.
COMPUTER VOICE: Core Deletion Protocol
for Area B, activated.
DAN: What?!
ANUBIAS: [frustrated grunt] We'll finish this later.
SELLON: We should return to Master Mag Mel.
SELLON: He's waiting.
ANUBIAS: Hmmmph.
COMPUTER VOICE: Core Deletion of Area B in progress.
[animal-like whimpers]
MAG MEL: Look at them wriggle and squirm like little insects.
How pathetic to think these creatures roam free
while we remain imprisoned.
MAG MEL: [evil laughter] It won't be long,
Razenoid before they kneel at our feet
and learn what true suffering is.
COMPUTER VOICE: Deletion of Area B complete.
DAN: [angry grunt]
SPECTRA: You okay?
DAN: Huh?!
DAN: Hehe...Talk about a crummy reunion, huh?!
SPECTRA: You've changed, my friend. You're not the same guy
who brought me out of my darkness.
And the Battle Brawlers...seem to be fractured.
SPECTRA: How very sad.
DAN: Hey...wait...!
DAN: [frustrated grunt]
MARUCHO: Dan!
SHUN: What's wrong?!
DAN: [groan, pain reax] [panting]
SPECTRA: We can't lose this fight Helios!
DAN: What's happening Zenthon?!
You're supposed to be a friend not an enemy!
MARUCHO: You went back to New Vestroia?!
DAN: It seemed like a good idea to go back there
while we tried to get control
over Drago's powers and Zenthon.
And the plan actually worked.
PAIGE: Well you could've fooled me with that last display.
RAFE: You clearly had no control over Mechtogan Zenthon.
Why don't you just admit it Dan?
DAN: Who are these punks?!
SHUN: Rafe and Paige are our friends.
DAN: Since when?
MARUCHO: Since they helped us out
in battle when you weren't around.
PAIGE: I can't believe this guy is your mighty, leader.
RAFE: Don't you mean, ex-leader, Paige?
DAN: What did you say?!
Come on, speak up, pal!
PAIGE: Marucho took over as leader while you were gone.
DAN: [gasp]
SHUN: You left us no choice, Dan.
SHUN: We had to make a decision...
and it was the best for the entire team.
DAN: Well...fine then.
DAN: Thanks for stepping up...
MARUCHO: [gasp]
DAN: ...I really appreciate it.
MARUCHO: Huh?!
DAN: But you don't need to worry about that anymore.
Drago and I are back and better than ever.
So just sit back and let me take the reins, okay?!
Cool! [laughter]
SHUN: [angry grunt] Listen you...
RAFE: Are you really that arrogant?!
RAFE: I just can't believe what I'm hearing!
PAIGE: You've got some nerve pal!
The way you're disrespecting your teammates like this!
DAN: What do you mean?!
PAIGE: I mean you pulled a runner
and left them in the dust. And now you think you can
just stroll back in and pick up where you left off?!
Not cool dude!
RAFE: It's time you realized your actions have consequences.
DRAGO: Dan, we should tell them...about everything.
MARUCHO: What aren't you telling us?!
DAN: Well, all this stuff with Drago and his new powers...
somehow we're linked to this creep named Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
SHUN: Linked how Dan?
PAIGE: Yeah! What does that mean?
DAN: I don't know exactly but...
I've got this really strong feeling that they're the ones
responsible for the rampage that
just happened in Bakugan Interspace.
MARUCHO: What ever gave you that idea Dan?
DAN: Whenever there's a spike in his anger,
I feel it in the centre of my being. The same with Drago.
It's one of the reasons he was losing control of his powers.
SHUN: Why didn't you tell us this before, Dan?
MARUCHO: Yeah Dan, we had a right to know.
DAN: Well yeah, but don't sweat it guys...
Drago and I have a handle...
MARUCHO: Enough, OK! DAN: Huh?!
MARUCHO: Everything is not all right! Do you understand me?!
Uh...I'm just upset that I had to delete a large part of
Bakugan Interspace. Maybe it's best if you go home
and rest while I get the repair process started.
DAN: Sure, I guess.
PAIGE : Where are you going?
SHUN: I'm going to do a final sweep for stray Chaos Bakugan.
We don't need any more surprises.
SHUN: Why, Dan?!
TAYLEAN: Just because he's back, doesn't mean
you can lose focus on what you need to do.
SHUN: [frustrated grunt]
DRAGO: It seems like we have some work to do
on repairing our relationships with Shun and Marucho.
DAN: Just gimme a break...
it's not like we were on a spa holiday.
DRAGO: That's true, but maybe we should still...
DAN: I don't wanna talk about it anymore!
BOY #1: Hey look, it's Dan Kuso.
BOY #2: Nice of him to show his face after
the Chaos Bakugan trashed most of Interspace.
That guy's a total coward.
GIRL #1: Ya no kidding.
BOY #1: What a joke!
DAN: [angry grunt] Hey Noah!
NOAH: [gasp]
DAN: I saw you almost take a blast back there.
Are you okay, pal?!
NOAH: Why the heck did you have to come back, huh?!
Things were just fine without you!
BEN: ...but it makes no difference.
DAN: This stinks.
MARUCHO: Maybe we were too hard on them.
They were only trying to help.
TRISTAR: You're too quick to forgive.
BEN: The boss isn't here? Where could he have
disappeared to this time? Ah man!
MIYOKO: Make sure you eat everything
on your plate okay sweetie?
You're growing and, well your body needs to catch up
to that big head of yours.
MIYOKO: Oh don't look so serious. Your father had
a giant head too when he was your age but he grew
into it, just fine. And just like him honey, you're going to
be the handsomest boy on the block.
DAN: May I be excused please?
DAN: [grunt] I don't understand!
Our training was going so well. We were totally
in control of things and then as soon
as we get back it all goes crazy again.
What's happening? Why can't we get a handle on this?
DRAGO: Dan...
DAN: Hmmm?!
DRAGO: If we put our heads together we should be able
to figure this out.
DAN: You're right buddy. We can't let one bad bounce,
drive a wedge between us again. We've gotta stay in synch.
SHUN: Don't you find it odd that after such an
intense rampage, the Chaos Bakugan just disappear?
TRISTAR: Something definitely smells rotten.
PAIGE: Maybe they just got freaked out and ran away.
MARUCHO: Based on the behaviour they've shown, I don't buy it.
PAIGE: So what then Marucho?!
MARUCHO: I wish I knew.
SHUN: Whatever the case, we can't let our guard down.
MARUCHO: Shun's right. We have to be
even more vigilant than ever before.
WOLFURIO: We understand.
SHUN: Then we're all clear guys.
TRISTAR: But what about Dan and Drago.
Should we talk to them too?
MAG MEL: Finally the time has come.
RAZENOID: At last we are...freeeeeeee!
[earth shaking rumble]
MAG MEL: First stop...Gundalia!
MAG MEL: Arise, Razenoid!
[mighty roar]
DAN: [gasp]
Aaaaahhhhh!
DRAGO: Dan! What is it?
DAN: It's it's...Gundalia!
DRAGO: What?!
DAN: I had another vision...
...Gundalia 's in danger!
PAIGE: What?! Did you say, Gundalia?
RAFE: You came all this way to tell us about a dream?
DAN: It's not a dream, it's a vision and it's real okay!
Mag Mel is heading to Gundalia and he's gonna attack!
PAIGE: You're crazy man! Why should we believe
some nutty dream you had?
DAN: You better not be calling me a liar.
PAIGE: I'm not calling you a liar!
PAIGE: I'm calling you a crazy person, got it?
DAN: [angry grunt] SHUN: Hmmmph.
PAIGE: [gasp] SHUN: [gasp]
PAIGE: Oh it's a distress call!
RAFE: For real?
PAIGE: The Chaos Bakugan are invading my home!
MARUCHO: Huh?!
SHUN: So they didn't just vanish.
They found another target.
MARUCHO: But of all the places they could invade,
why Gundalia?
TRISTAR: Who cares?! Dan's dream was right!
They're in trouble!
PAIGE: I've gotta go! Let's roll, Boulderon!
BOULDERON: Right behind you!
RAFE: Paige, wait a second!
PAIGE: There's no time! I've gotta get back!
MARUCHO: Hey, slow down! We'll go with you Paige!
PAIGE: Are you sure?!
MARUCHO: Of course! You're a Battle Brawler!
That means you're part of a team and we fight together!
RAFE: Marucho's right.
PAIGE: Cool!
DAN: Hold up, guys!
RAFE and MARUCHO: [gasp] SHUN: Hmmm?!
DAN: We're going too.
PAIGE: No thank-you.
RAFE: After the damage you caused in Interspace?
Sorry, it's too risky.
DAN: I'm not asking, I'm telling you!
MARUCHO, SHUN, RAFE and PAIGE: [gasp]
DAN: I'm the original Battle Brawler...
You're not cutting me out, of this fight!
DAN: After we fought to rid Interspace of the Chaos
Bakugan, they turned their sights on Gundalia.
That's the planet we brought peace to when we brokered
a treaty between them and Neathia. The last thing
these guys need is another war, so the rest of
the Battle Brawlers and I decided to jump in
and help out. We immediately hooked up with our old buddy
Ren, but Mag Mel somehow managed to stay one step
ahead of us the whole time.
Tune in to see just how spooky it is.
It's like he knows this planet better than anyone else.
But how can that be? Is it possible he's been here before?
\u266a [MUSIC]